----- UNDER DEVELOPMENT -----

This project is being created in the Visual Studio Code IDE.
This project was started on October 25th, 2021 and is currently in development. 
This project is a freelance project for the sole purpose of brushing up on Java skills.

This game strongly draws inspiration from:
- Sonny & Sonny 2 (Flash Games)
- Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia
- Dungeon of Despair/Sigian Conflict

This project has Audio! Be sure to turn down your volume to the right amount.

All classes except SimpleAudioPlayer are created by Michael Ng.
SimpleAudioPlayer was originally created by geeksforgeeks.org.
I have modified SimpleAudioPlayer to fit the project's needs.
Website link to the original: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/play-audio-file-using-java/

=====
This project, as noted in Java-Projects, has been ported to SRPG Studio and may not be completed in the near future.
=====

Game Name: Rise of Nosian
Genre: Dungeon-Crawler RPG
Creator: Michael Ng

TRAILER
Somewhere, within the universe, exists an exoplanet. It is known as "Quileria" by its inhabitants.
There live 2 different races. They are known respectively as Pyronians and Cyronians.
Each race inhabit their separate continents, with the Kingdom of Pyronia to the west/south and the Council of Cyronia on the north/east.
This continent is known as Birona. In Pyronian language, Birona means "unified earth". In Cyronian language, Birona means "separated decision".

Alexandre Nosian is a regular Pyronian civilian living in Vestrim. 
Vestrim is located at the southern tip of Birona. 
Vestrim had been a peaceful harbor city with Pyronians and Cyronians coexisting as one.

Suddenly, in the Year 50 of the 4th era, war broke out...
and Vestrim is the first city to fall. 

Experience the tale of Alexandre Nosian's final hours.
...Or is it really his final hours?


-----
Change Log - CURRENT VERSION IS 0.3.
-----
Version 0.1: Rise of Nosian is adapted from its predecessor game, Dungeon of Dystopia.
Version 0.2: Added prologue battle.
Version 0.3: CURRENT VERSION - Added a video in the beginning. The thread waits 151 seconds (around the length of the video) before continuing the prologue.
